Sets up a shared state for terraform (#1811)
seattle-uat/civiform: cloud/azure/README.md

> # Azure Terraform Setup

Reviewer: suggestion (blocking): are there any values generated during these steps that should be considered secrets? if so please specify

Author: no there aren't actually it's just specific to your setup

Reviewer: ah nice, thanks!

> 

Reviewer 2: thought: I think this line will work better as an intro at the top of the file than in the subsection it was in.
```suggestion
We use a remote backend to store state information to avoid conflicts when multiple collaborators are updating resources managed by Terraform. Follow the steps outlined in this doc to enable collaborators to access the remote backend and shared state on their machines.
```

## create a backend_vars file 

Backend vars should look like the following
```
resource_group_name  = < rg group name >
storage_account_name  = < account name >
container_name  = < container name >
key  = "terraform.tfstate"

> ```

Reviewer: suggestion (blocking): explicitly state that back_vars is a file that the reader needs to create in root of their project directory

> You can get the resource group name, the storage account name, and the container name from the azure portal (or check this into a private repo). 

Author: added one

## export your account key

> We use a shared state on an azure blob so that we don't have conflicts with our deploys. In order to get the account_key use the azure CLI. You'll need to get the resource_group_name, storage_account_name from the prior step or from someone else's backend_vars

Reviewer 2: suggestion(blocking): can you add a line explaining what this account key value is used for?
```suggestion
In order to get the `account_key` value, use the azure CLI. You'll need to get the resource_group_name, storage_account_name from the prior step.
```

```

> ACCOUNT_KEY=$(az storage account keys list --resource-group $RESOURCE_GROUP_NAME --account-name $STORAGE_ACCOUNT_NAME --query '[0].value' -o tsv)

Reviewer: suggestion (non-blocking): break into multiple lines for easier readability

> export ARM_ACCESS_KEY=$ACCOUNT_KEY

Reviewer 2: question(blocking): will running these lines be necessary each time a collaborator uses terraform? or just for the init?

Author: yess you need the arm_access_key for all the tf commands

Author: I added a mini troubleshooting message

```

## running terraform with this config  
Since we are using a shared backend you'll need to run init specifying that
```
$ terraform init -backend-config=backend_vars
```

> # First time Setup

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# First time setup
```

> # First time Setup

Author: alright swapped the order around and added some extra specificity

In order to run for the first time we have to create the blob store to store the backend data in. 
```

> $ chmod +x initial_setup.sh

Reviewer: suggestion (blocking): git stores the mode of each file, so this step shouldn't be necessary if the `initial_setup` script has the correct mode when checked in

Author: huh TIL

multiple collaborators are updating resources managed by Terraform. 
Follow the steps outlined in this doc to enable collaborators to access 
the remote backend and shared state on their machines.

# Setup
In order to run for the first time run
 
```
$ source setup
```

This will: 
1. set up a resource group for terraform shared state to live in if it does
not already exist
2. make a blob storage account for the shared tfstate to live in if it does
not already exist
3. create a backend_vars file that will be used when running terraform to 
share the state (will overwrite the existing)

Note that it takes azure a few minutes for you to be able to access the blob 
storage and that you'll need to share the backend_vars with other people 
developing on your project. You can find the info on the azure portal as well. 

You can run this command again if you delete your backend_vars or need to
re-export your account key (although you can also re-export your account key
via the commands below), note that it does a pretty fuzzy regex match for
the storage account name so if you are doing something special you might have

> to wright your own script to do that!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to write your own script to do that!
```

## Export your account key
In order to use terraform with the azure backend you'll need to get the 
`account_key` set up properly. The backend_vars file expects it to be provided 

> via ARM_ACCESS_KEY so you'll need to use the Azure CLI to provide it. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
via the `ARM_ACCESS_KEY` environment variable so you'll need to use the Azure CLI to provide it. 
```

Get the `resource_group_name` and `storage_account_name` from the backend_vars
file or via the azure cli/portal (details on how to do this in the 
troubleshooting section below)
```

> ACCOUNT_KEY=$(az storage account keys list --resource-group \
> $RESOURCE_GROUP_NAME --account-name $STORAGE_ACCOUNT_NAME --query \
> '[0].value' -o tsv)
> export ARM_ACCESS_KEY=$ACCOUNT_KEY

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ACCOUNT_KEY=$(az storage account keys list \
  --resource-group $RESOURCE_GROUP_NAME \
  --account-name $STORAGE_ACCOUNT_NAME \
  --query '[0].value' \
  -o tsv)
export ARM_ACCESS_KEY=$ACCOUNT_KEY
```

```

## Running terraform with this config  
Since we are using a shared backend you'll need to run init specifying that
```

> $ terraform init -backend-config=backend_vars

Reviewer: question (blocking): please mention which pwd the reader should use when running these commands

```

# Troubleshooting

## Access Issues
If you are running into access issues, you do need to have the ARM_ACCESS_KEY 
exported to run terraform commands. So try re running
```

> ACCOUNT_KEY=$(az storage account keys list --resource-group \
> $RESOURCE_GROUP_NAME --account-name $STORAGE_ACCOUNT_NAME --query \
> '[0].value' -o tsv)
> export ARM_ACCESS_KEY=$ACCOUNT_KEY

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ACCOUNT_KEY=$(az storage account keys list \
  --resource-group $RESOURCE_GROUP_NAME \
  --account-name $STORAGE_ACCOUNT_NAME \
  --query '[0].value' \
  -o tsv)
export ARM_ACCESS_KEY=$ACCOUNT_KEY
```

```

## backend_vars file structure

This is used by terraform to specify the backend we wil use to store tfsate 
and generally should look like this
```

> resource_group_name  = tfstate
> storage_account_name  = < account name >
> container_name  = tfstate
> key  = "terraform.tfstate"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
resource_group_name  = tfstate
storage_account_name = < account name >
container_name       = tfstate
key                  = "terraform.tfstate"
```
